How often do you use AI? If it's not
daily, I think you're generally behind.
That's Kian Katanforoush, Stanford AI
professor who built one of the world's
top AI education platforms with Andrew
Ng. Now, through his company, he's
tested over a million people on their AI
skills, and today he has a step-by-step
plan so you don't fall behind. What are
the three moves everyone should make in
2026? Learn the foundations of AI,
assess yourself to make sure you're
ready, build the habits of learning. If
you focus on one thing for a day, you
probably are already in the top X
percent of the world. For a week
non-stop, you're in the top 10 percent.
Focus on a month, you're in the top 1
percent. But to be in the top 0.1
percent, you will have to
Hello everyone. Welcome back to Silicon
Valley Girl in Davos. Kian, let's start
with your big idea. 2026 is the year of
humans, but also we're getting a
completely different narrative, you
know, a new model every week, replacing
jobs. How do you think we should focus
on humans right now, and what is the
shift?
I think the shift that is happening is
uh
broadly due to the fact that people
generally overestimate
the impact of technology on the short
term and uh underestimate what the
technology can do on the long term.
Um if you look at all the reports from
from foundation model labs, uh you know,
OpenAI, Anthropic, and others, uh
there's a lot of task-level reports.
Like AI is good at task A, task B, task
C is getting automated. And actually,
going from a task to some human's job
changing
with a job usually being made up
hundreds of tasks, is not that simple.
It can take decades. And every almost
every prediction that I've seen since
the launch of ChatGPT of X Y Z job is
going away has not happened. You know,
the famous one is the radiologist will
go away and the drivers will go away and
then you see this meme of radiologists
driving to work in their in their car.
You mentioned drivers. Do you have an
estimate for example because if you go
in San Francisco, it's almost Waymos are
almost everywhere. I don't really see
old older taxis.
So we see the replacement happening, but
how soon do you think it's going to
happen for drivers for example? Yeah.
Well, you look like you know the the
rise of you know Waymo
Cruise all these companies in the
self-driving space, you know, it really
started in 2014, 2015. So we're already
11 years into them [clears throat]
having hired tons of engineers to build
that problem. So even autonomous driving
has been a decade of full-on research
with people working so hard.
So you know, why wouldn't it be the same
for the rest? I think like maybe in the
next decade we're going to start, you
know, seeing less voice actors, less
translators. Maybe customer support is
going to completely change. I agree
fully with that. I just think people
thought it will happen within 6 months.
Yeah. And it hasn't. Yeah. So we're safe
for now. At least like for the next 5
years. Generally, I think safe in in a
career comes down to learning velocity.
It turns out to
can you reinvent yourself? Yeah. You
know, the the web has this metric called
the half-life of skill that is going
down meaning on average a skill is not
useful that long. It's 2 years in tech
or AI.
And so you have to refresh yourself and
that's what makes you safe ultimately.
Absolutely. And and your data shows 71%
of people misjudge their AI skill level.
Can you give us some benchmarks? So what
is an AI proficient person? What does it
his day-to-day look like? Does he start
with like chatting with his AI or is it
you know, not writing emails by yourself
or having AI manage his schedule? Yeah,
I tried to separate adoption of AI and
proficiency. So I'll give you an
example. Adoption is
is like you use AI every day and I use
it every week. You're a better adopter
than I am.
But turns out that if we watch you
prompt engineer and me
maybe your prompts are just simple
prompts and when you look at what I'm
doing I'm doing
a variety of techniques. I'm doing zero
shot prompt. I'm doing few shot prompts.
I'm doing a chain of thoughts. I'm doing
a prompt chain that is super complex
that feeds one into another. I'm doing a
retrieval augmented generation system
that I built. My proficiency is higher
than you.
That's the difference between adoption
and proficiency.
>> Okay, what you just said makes me feel
like I'm in a a beginner
>> [laughter]
>> cuz my prompts are really really simple.
Okay, if I want to sound like you in 90
days, what should I be doing? So first
if you have 90 days, I would say uh
first we need to establish the
foundations. You take a few foundational
classes. We can recommend some on
deeplearning.ai on other platforms.
There's a lot of content out there
honestly.
Um high quality. Establish the
foundation. Uh you will get to a point
where what will matter the most in AI
because the market is moving so fast is
that you're plugged in the network. So
what I recommend generally is you go to
X, you go to Reddit, you go to some of
the machine learning popular newsletters
and you register to all of these. Can
you recommend like who do you who do you
follow on X for best advice?
Uh well actually if you go on my X and
you look at who I follow, you can follow
the same people. But you know some of
them are here like Andrew Ng is a great
person to follow. Great newsletter
called The Batch. Richard Socher, you
know, Yoshua Bengio. A lot of great AI
scientists that you know, people trust
and actually it allows you to cut
through the noise when there's so much
noise coming. Like I tell you when I was
in grad school,
we would read a lot of paper that come
up in archive, the website that
you know, where papers are often
published. Today there's just so much
that you have to to ways to
differentiate signal from noise.
>> Yeah. Every time I scroll through my
feed on Instagram, there's this new app
and this company just changed the game
in this market. It like happens every
day. Uh so, okay, we established this. I
follow the right people. What is the
next step? Are there like top three AI
apps that I should be using? Yeah, I
mean, you know, I recommend obviously
working off or testing yourself.
Although it's mostly used in
corporations. Other than that, you know,
deeplearning.ai has a lot of free
content out there. It's really good. You
also find
that the LLMs can help you learn. Like
you can actually prompt the LLMs. But
the bottom line is people don't know
what to ask the LLM. And that's where
the assessment is so important because
at some point you're going to be pretty
good at AI and you're going to sort of
have a wall in front of yourself. Like
what do I do next? Am I actually that
good? Do I know? You know, to give you
an example, at Stanford we have, as you
said, the class on campus with a lot of
students and we have the class on
YouTube ver- same content published on
YouTube with a lot of views, like a lot
of views.
And those students would tell you that
the difference between them and the
Stanford
kids is that um it's not the material,
it's that they don't know if how good
they are. The Stanford students, they
have friends at OpenAI, they have
friends at Meta, they have friends at
Google, they have friends. They know how
good they are compared to the bar. How
how much does it take to get a job
there? But if you're somewhere in the
world with no ecosystem, you're not
plugged in, it's really hard. And so
that's where the assessment is so
important. It can tell you, "Hey,
actually you you thought you you're
pretty pretty good, but that's not the
bar. The bar is actually higher." Top
three questions that you should ask
yourself to kind of understand your
level. How often do you use AI? Mhm. You
know, if it's not daily, I think you're
generally behind right now.
Uh that's the simple one.
Uh
the other one is, you know, think about
10 products that use AI that that that
you encounter in your daily life. Can
you come up with 10 products?
You know, and some people would realize
like actually I don't really realize
where is AI? Is it here? Is it there? I
I don't know. I I don't have this
ability to like identify AI. Mhm. You're
probably behind. When Kian says that, a
lot of people have the same reaction.
Okay, by that definition, I'm definitely
not using AI enough yet. And honestly,
for most teams, it's not a motivation
problem. It's that there is no simple
visual way to plug AI into the work
they're already doing. Right now, AI
usually lives in fragments. Cursor in
one tab, Claude code in another, maybe a
Copilot or an OpenAI model somewhere
else.
That's exactly how my team used to work,
too, before we changed our setup. Ideas
in one place, guidelines in another,
code somewhere else, video editing on
another platform, and almost no
visibility into how all of it connects.
That's why I got excited about
partnering with Miro and their MCP
server. MCP lets you connect your Miro
canvas directly to the AI coding tools
you already use. So, instead of Miro
being notes on the side, it becomes the
central hub where your specs, diagrams,
and contacts actually feed your agenda
coding workflows. Practically, it
changes two big things. First, you can
take shared context, diagrams, docs,
notes, system maps, and send that
straight into your AI assistants to
build better code. Because now, Claude
or Cursor has actual context from your
diagrams and specs, not just a prompt.
Second, you can instantly visualize that
code as diagrams in Miro in a
collaborative environment where the
whole team can understand, comment on,
and iterate together without digging
through a repo. If you've been wanting
to use AI more seriously at work, but
it's always felt abstract, fragmented,
or messy, Miro's MCP makes it concrete
and collaborative in a way that finally
clicks. If you want to try it yourself,
check out the link in the description
and the MCP tutorials on Miro's YouTube
channel. And now, back to my
conversation with Kian.
If I want to start using AI for work,
what questions should I be asking
myself?
I think when it comes to work, a lot of
the value of uh language models is in
the context. So, for example, on
ChatGPT, there is um
this uh feature that allows you to give
custom instructions to the model. So,
"Hi, my name is Kian. I'm XYZ. I like to
speak in English or in whatever
language, and I like to be concise, or I
like to
you know, whatever your style is."
Um that's example of context that you
give to the LLM.
>> memory, right?
>> Yeah, memory that you give to the LLM.
Um although, yeah, me- memory's slightly
different than context. I can I can
explain after, but the
um you know, and at work, you sort of
want your documents to be accessible to
your LLM, if possible. You want your
custom instructions to be accessible.
You even want the custom instruction of
your co-workers, so that when you talk
about your co-workers, or you're trying
to send an email to XYZ, it will figure
it out. So, the value of the LLM
increases with the amount of context it
has access to at work. Is that how
professional organizations use AI? Yeah,
I'll give you a concrete example. So,
uh at at Workera, we we are a big uh
Anthropic shop internally. We use a lot
of Clauds. Um all our engineers are on
this version of Claud called Claud Code
Max,
uh which um
is very powerful to code.
And across the company, we have things
that we call skills. Anthropic calls
these skills. Wher- where you can think
of them as files that define a certain
way of doing a certain thing. Like, here
is how we recruit at Workera, or here is
our brand guidelines. This is the font
we use. This is how we speak. These are
the color palettes that you can use.
Before, if an engineer wanted to build a
website,
they would have to call the marketing
team at the end and say, "Can you review
the font? Can you review the alignment?
Can you review XYZ?" Today, because it's
all coded,
you don't need any more to talk to a
human. The engineer just asks the LLM,
"Can you just verify that the
copywriting is correct, the color
palette is right?" And they know that
the marketing team has maintained that
code. I love that. And so, it cuts
communication, and it's very powerful.
You gain actually so much speed and uh
create so much more time for the
marketing team to think about uh do we
need to change our fonts? Do we need
rather than like every day talk to an
engineer and say, "No, change that font.
Change that font." So, Do you check the
result afterwards? Like, oh Yeah, the
engineer does.
>> Yeah, okay. The engineers do. Wow. So,
now I'm very curious about your
day-to-day as a founder. What has
changed in the past 3 years and how do
you just deal with your co-workers? So,
you mentioned using Claude. Uh that cuts
communication. What else? I would say
one thing that has changed is uh we are
getting flatter as an organization,
which means we have uh for example, our
head of AI decided to become an IC, an
individual contributor, from a manager
role. And that didn't used to happen
before. And he's doing great as an
individual contributor, and he feels
more productive, and he feels like he's
back close to the machine. Um and I
think that's a trend that we're going to
see a lot.
Uh the second aspect is So, in tech you
have this ratio of within a
perfect team,
do you have many engineers do you have?
How many product managers do you have?
How many product designers?
Historically, you would have I don't
know, some Jeff Bezos calls it the
two-pizza team. The team has to be able
to eat two pizzas. Uh if it's more than
two pizzas, the team is too big,
basically.
>> definitely grok beyond that. Uh
>> [laughter]
>> yeah, and and so, right now, I think
historically we've had, I don't know,
eight engineers, one product manager,
one product designer. I think now it's
getting way more efficient on the
engineering side, where you can actually
probably put a team together with two
engineers, one product manager, one
product designer. And the engineers are
very empowered to perform
to build everything on their own almost
with some input from, you know, the
other parties. And so we are seeing at
Workera a lot of smaller teams, a lot of
you know, instead of having three big
teams, we might have six, seven smaller
teams that have more ownership of their
surface area. We have you know,
transcriptions of meetings, which is
really helpful because I can remember,
you know, what was the context. You
know, we use our own product in our
interviewing. So there's an AI
interviewer.
Oh, wow. I think we just make all these
tools accessible to our workforce
and we make sure they adopt it very
frequently. Who does your calendar? Is
it AI now? Every morning I have a
briefing that my So my assistant builds
AI systems herself. And
she has a a little, you know, agent call
it or workflow that tracks my calendar
and tracks what I know or what the past
conversations I've had. And every
morning I get a briefing automatically
in Slack that tells me, "This is where
you need to be and this is what you need
to know." Nice.
>> Pretty much, which is really helpful,
you know. Yeah, everything that you
described, if I want the same in my
company, do you think I need to hire
someone who's more AI native or my team
can just handle it? And we're all like
creatives and Yeah, I think you should
start yourself. It all starts
by yourself. Mhm. So I think you should
try it yourself and you will actually
figure out that you can get a lot done
by yourself. And you're already very
proficient, so it will be easier
probably for you. If you want to get in
the technical realm, yeah, you will need
someone more technical. You need someone
who has coded in the past. You know,
it's like you can get a lot more done.
But but the basics like connecting
documents and
We should have done that. Yeah, I think
it's more about agency. It's it's having
agency to do that.
>> And that's agency. I'm glad that you
mentioned it cuz I was thinking a lot
being here in Davos. Everyone's talking
about AI. I was thinking about top three
skills that everybody should be
developing. And I think you mentioned
that in one of your talks. There's some
skills that die out really fast and some
skills that just stay with you.
They have more longevity. And I think
agency is something that, you know, if
we imagine AI is this bar, it's already
telling some people what to do. Like
they're kind of below AI. Like if you
work in customer support, right? You
just prompt something and you read it
out loud. Most of us are still beyond
this
this line because we're using AI as a
helper. But this bar is rising. What do
you think? And like the way to stay
beyond it and make AI work for you, not
control you, is to have agency.
Maybe something else. What do you think?
I mean, I'd say 100% agency is a durable
skill. We feel it. Durable as in it will
be useful even 10 years from now. It's
very important. There's a lot more
durable skill. Critical thinking,
problem solving, effective
communication.
I think AI literacy is a durable skill.
People will need it for a long time.
Coding I think is a very important
durable skill. I think
even for someone like me who's
I think I think so. I don't think you'll
have to learn syntax. Like you don't
need to know how to code manually. But
if you can tell if the coding agent is
what is what is it doing, you have a
significant advantage. You can catch the
errors faster. You can iterate faster.
It is hard to neglect that. And then to
come to the top three skills, I think
like I'd separate in three groups. So
for technical folks, very technical
folks, like foundational model level.
Right now companies are fighting for
talent that can do
reasoning, that can build reasoning
loops and reasoning models. There's very
few people in the world that can do it.
And they're very very valuable. The
second one that's underrated, forgotten,
sometimes is distributed computing.
There's not that many people that can
build clusters, that can train models on
massive clusters. It is very
complicated. It requires a combination
of math skills, linear algebra,
electrical engineering. It's very, very
complicated and those are, you know,
hardcore engineers, very valuable. And
then the third one is reinforcement
learning. So, in AI, when when you look
at a model, it usually goes through
different phases of training like
pre-training and post-training. People
that have and at some point in the
sometimes pre-training, sometimes
post-training, there's certain
techniques from the world of
reinforcement learning.
That's why
the idea is like AlphaGo or
you know, chess. Those games that you've
seen AI play better, they're based on
reinforcement learning methods. When the
machine learns by itself and tries
different things. It learns through
experience, not through examples.
And that skill is also very valuable.
So, that's the technical tier. In the
tier applied tier, I would say forward
deployed engineering is very popular.
Meaning, if you can also do business
and be technical at the same time. That
combination is very rare. And then for
day-to-day life, I think identifying AI,
being able to use it natively is the
most popular skill for general, you
know, awareness. Kian just talked about
how most people use AI every day, but
their prompts are still super basic.
Take my example. For months, I was
struggling with AI writing. It just
didn't sound like me. It used the wrong
words, it used the wrong tone, it
invented facts, and overall sounded like
AI. So, I decided to build a system.
Three files that teach AI your real
voice, real facts about your background,
and even your phrases you'd never say.
And this transformed my entire workflow
because I can now write better LinkedIn
posts, I can now write better emails,
and come up with better ideas. All of
these files are free for my newsletter
subscribers. There is a link in the
description. Go ahead, download those
files, and they come with an instruction
on how to teach your AI to speak like
you. The technology is amazing. Start
using it in a proper way. The link is in
the description. So, do you see jobs
market going down at all? Or what what's
your projection for the next 5 years?
So, a few things. I I I would say one,
people say Gen Z's there's no job for
Gen Z's. We've heard that over the last
couple of years. I think last year was
definitely the hardest I've seen for
university grads. But was it about AI?
Cuz a lot of people
>> think so. I I I think like
I think companies have over-hired during
COVID.
And now they're saying AI is automating
our stuff because it makes the stock go
up. The truth is they're performance
managing a lot. They're roster managing.
They're exiting people. And and maybe
there's a little bit of that job is not
as uh important as it used to be. But
there's a lot of like we want to keep
our best people, and they hide it behind
the AI lingo. You know, why would Meta
exit people from their metaverse team if
it was AI?
You know, no. It's because they wanted
to make more out of that team, and he he
probably thinks they can get a lot more
done keeping the best people and getting
them to work hard. You know, otherwise
you wouldn't have heard about the
metaverse team exiting people. You would
have heard of something else. So, I
think uh I think it's really performance
management that is happening. Um
and I think they don't find enough AI
native talent. The reason Gen Z has
struggled to find jobs in the last year
is that there's just not enough AI
native talent in the market.
>> Mhm. They're still just pockets that are
in hubs. And if you're in the hub as a
Gen Z, actually, you you you you you you
you can do fairly well today. There's
good offers. There's good opportunities.
When you're outside of the hub, it's
very hard. It's much diff more
difficult. So, long story short, what I
think is going to happen is over time
companies are going to figure out how to
update their workflows. So, yes, you
will see productivity go up, and you
will see a lot of movement internally. I
think we're going to see more internal
mobility than we've ever seen in our
life.
>> Interesting. Um it will be very common
for you to start in the marketing team
and go to the sales team. Start in the
sales team and go to the HRBP team.
Whenever it you know, you need to move.
That that's the movement inside the
company is going to grow. The company's
total head count, I think it's going to
decrease.
I think on average companies are going
to be slightly smaller, but it's not
going to be a massive cut. It's going to
be you know, every year maybe they don't
backfill people who retire. They just
don't hire more, you know. Or if someone
leaves, they probably try to do a
cultural refresh by bringing AI native
talent that is uh
coming out of universities. And at the
same time, they invest in their talent
to build AI native mindset inside the
company. Do you think university loses
its value in the next 10 years?
Yeah. Yeah, I think so. I think unless
you're a top-tier university where you
have a brand defensibility,
people don't join for the content, they
join for the network, the brand, the
being surrounded by people that work
hard, that are ambitious. Those will not
lose their values. Um
so when you think about the university,
you think about a bundle. Like
universities have content, mentorship,
research, blah blah blah, you know. And
that bundle will for sure change. I
think it's just it's going to be a
different offer. Maybe it's not going to
be 4-year bachelor's degree, 2-year
master's. It's going to change. I think
one of the weaknesses of universities
today is the mismatch match of the job
market skills needed. Like you have too
many universities that still teach
skills that you will won't need.
You know, I come from France and I
recall when I was a student we had
double the amount of physical educator
being trained and the amount of jobs
available after they graduate. You don't
want a society that has that. You want a
society that has a zero skills gap. At
all points, the people that are joining
the job market have the exact skills
that the market needs. It's not an easy
problems, but I think universities could
be better at it. Yeah, and it's really
hard for universities to do that, right?
Because you have a program that's
established. One model is universities
focus on durable skills.
And then companies build the
capabilities to teach perishable skills.
So, for example, the problem is
reasoning.
Reasoning, the people who know
reasoning, they're PhD students from the
top AI labs in the world. That's where
they come from. So, these coming from
universities generally. Ideally, you
would want all universities to view AI
native talent. They Everyone who
graduates has amazing AI skill. They're
not specialized in a specific area, but
they have great durable skills. Join the
company and the company has somehow a
stack, an HR and learning stack, that
can take on board an employee and
instead of them becoming a partner at a
consulting firm in 7 years, they become
in 6 months. Yeah. And that would be
ideal, I think.
>> And that's what you do at Workera,
right?
>> Yeah, we help a lot of companies do
that. We do part of this problem, but
the general idea is durable skills
taught at school, perishable skills
taught at the company. I love that. This
is exactly how universities should be
working, right? Not only now, but also
like 20 years ago, because skills keep
changing. I think in Workera, you have
AI agents, right? That work in
production, and a lot of companies are
failing to build those AI agents. Also,
we tried it in my company. We have media
company, we're not that technical. But
from what I see, agents sound great,
but then in real world, it's still like
a set of steps that they're following,
and you still need a lot of human work.
Can you tell me why in your company
they're working and they're not working
for a lot of other companies?
>> Yeah. Yeah, for sure. I I think it is
very, very hard to put an agent in
production. People don't realize that. A
demo is not a production agent. Like you
have demos are so easy to do now. You
see so many of them. If you can
tell the difference between a demo and a
production system, then you know what
how hard it is. And that's why MIT's
study said only 5% of agents work in
production. So, I'll give you some
examples. The reason I think so we've
done large deployments. One of the
companies that is here, Bill McDermott,
the CEO of ServiceNow, is here.
ServiceNow uses Workera enterprise-wide.
So, everybody is being measured,
mentored, skill is gap identified, and
they get sort of an AI driving license
essentially, a certificate for the year.
That agent has been deployed very large
scale. Um
For this to happen, you need there's so
many things that can go wrong. OpenAI
can fail.
What do you do? We have a model routing
layer that allows us to route
immediately to a
next best model.
Um
Translation, people have different
languages. It's not as easy as just
saying, "Oh, tell do the assessment in
Japanese." It's not at all as easy. If a
Japanese person looks at that, they
would say it has a lot of cultural gaps.
>> Yeah. It is not culturally intelligent.
So, it's so much hard work in there. The
agent has to be connected to the UI, and
somehow the agent misses a button. It
just doesn't see it, and then you're
stuck.
Oh, the agent actually scored you very
unfairly. Your score should have been
200, and you got 150, and you don't
agree with it. Well, we have a feature
that allows the person to say, "I think
the agent was wrong." And then you send
a human expert in the loop that would
review within four business days and
respond to the person, "We've upgraded
your score, and we've corrected the
agent." And when you do that across
thousands and thousands of people, well,
of course, the agent gets better over
time. And yeah, the first deployment is
a mess. The second one is a little bit
less of a mess. And you know, at some
point you just build that muscle of
looking in between the lines and in the
details, because that's what matters. In
a lot of cases, we even removed AI.
Like, we realized that you know, we
started we were like everything has to
be stochastic, meaning on you know, sort
of not non-deterministic. And then, you
know, we got some feedback, and users
said, "No, actually, I really like when
part of the experience is deterministic,
where I don't need to be real-time
talking to the AI interviewer because it
stresses me out. I want to take my
pause, and I want to be able to look at
the multiple choice question and take my
time to check check A." That's not
you know, it doesn't need like agency
AI.
And so, we had to decide where do we do
deterministic and where do we do
stochastic because stochastic allows you
to understand the reasoning of the
person. You have a live conversation
with an agent, you can dig deeper in
their thoughts, but it's not always the
right solution. Wow, so from what you're
describing, it feels like in order to
deploy an AI agent in your company, you
need a very technical person who can do
the right reasoning and ask and like
pave the right path for that agent. I
think it's like
So, companies now have these agents
marketplaces. Like, you can go on their
internal platform and create an agent
with a prompt. That is very different
than building an agency company, where
the bar is just super high. So, for
example, if you want to create a bot on
Slack that
reads a channel and summarizes it for
you every day, you don't need a team
that is technical. You You now can have
someone go on the marketplace of agents
who get connected to Slack and tell it
what to do. It will do it. But, we you
know, we're building an AI agent that is
supposed to be the best in the world at
measuring someone's skills to give them
feedback. That's a different problem.
You can't get it wrong. The bar is
extremely high. And there you need a
research team, you need an applied team,
you need a product team. And talking
about jobs, I feel like we need more and
more people these days because of all of
the tools, all of the opportunities that
open up. But, do you think there will be
more companies cuz it's easier to start
a company?
>> Yeah, I think there will be more
companies.
>> Is it going to help even out the market?
Yes, I think so. I think there will be
more entrepreneurship, there will be
more small businesses. You know, last
year I saw on on X some of these live
coding tools. I'm not I'm not to say
which one. Uh people would know. Um they
did a marketing campaign saying, "Oh,
one of our users rebuilt Calendly and
rebuilt DocuSign in 6 hours in 6 hours."
Where is that product? Who has used it?
Nobody has ever used that product.
Nobody has ever seen it. It's probably
not even maintained anymore. Because
what makes Calendly and and DocuSign, by
the way, opened the new office in San
Francisco and they're growing, you know.
So, what's interesting is um
if you don't have the best product, if
you're not significantly better than
DocuSign, why would I change to your
product? The bar is high. Yes, it's easy
to build a simple signature tool or
calendar scheduling, but your Calendly
is very actually powerful. It has so
many features. And so, the only way to
replace that is if actually you build a
product, the product is not only as
good, but actually maybe 50% better for
the for the cost of switching to be
worth it for a user. 50% better. And on
top of that, you will have to make sure
it keeps being 50% better. Yeah, and it
does have the right marketing as well.
So, I don't buy this idea that of
personal software. I don't buy that
people are going to build their Calendly
and they're going to build blah blah
blah. I think some company will build a
Calendly that is 50% better than
Calendly, that is AI native, and
everybody will use that agent.
And because you don't want to you don't
have the time We don't have the time to
build our personal software and maintain
it, you know. So, I don't know. I think
it's just marketing campaigns. Yes,
totally makes sense in the next 5 years.
We just don't know what's going to
happen in 10 years when AI is so good
and it just gets all the knowledge like,
I don't know, I'm thinking about the
lawyers who are using AI. Like, AI An AI
tool has all of the legal knowledge.
It's just so much better than anything.
>> For sure. I agree it will be an AI agent
tool. I just don't think there will be
hundreds of them. Mhm. I think people
will use the best, you know. So, I don't
buy that there will be
>> it will be one major company, don't you
think?
It will be It will be It will be.
>> probably be one of the top three or
four, though.
>> I I don't know. May May But you look
like Calendly has built an amazing
business.
There is a feature that is the exact
replica of Calendly in Google. Exactly.
So, how did they build that business?
Because there's still a need for like
innovation in that niche, you know? I
don't think we will be using thousands
of agents in the future, like you and I.
That makes sense.
>> will be using a smaller number that are
specialized, and the teams behind it
make them consistently better,
continuously better. Not only it will
have the ability to teach itself, but
there will be a user feedback loop so
that they get the UI right, they get the
UX right, they get the lingual right,
you know? These things are very
important at the end of the day. Yeah,
it sounds very positive for
entrepreneurship cuz sometimes as an
entrepreneur when I think about AI, if
AI can identify the problem, like when
it comes to Amazon Marketplace for
example, identify the product where um
demand is more than supply, ship it from
China automatically and just sell it, uh
it makes me a little sad, but from you
said cuz it's it takes a human to
constantly improve something and think
about the details and innovate. And
that's the the defensibility is not the
software. It's not going to be the code
because that's easy.
It's the expertise that you put into it.
And the the founder and
>> The user feedback, the agency of the
founding team, you know, things like
that matter more, and that's what makes
them win, yeah. I love it. Okay, for
everyone who's listening, our audience
is 25 to 40 years old. They all want to
become better in the age of AI, build
something. What are the three moves that
they should make in 2026? You know,
learn the foundations of AI,
assess yourself to make sure you're
ready,
build the habits of learning. Like every
every day when you wake up,
take 5 minutes,
read
the X posts of the people that you trust
in the space, and it turns out, you
know, you you won't feel better after a
week, but you will feel a lot better
after a year. You'll feel like you're at
the you're probably at the cutting edge.
You know some some someone said I saw
like
you know, if you focus on one thing for
a day, you probably are already in the
top you know, X percent of the world in
that thing. If you focus on it for a
week non-stop, you're in the top 10%.
Focus on a month, you're in the top 1%.
But to be in the top 0.1% you will have
to build that habit and follow it for 5
10 years and you might be the top 0.1%
at what you're trying to do. I love
that. I also like your point about
joining a hub.
Cuz this helps you evaluate yourself
Yeah. uh against other people like
compare notes and learn from each other.
Maybe start locally and then, you know,
change groups. Yeah, I think especially
if you're early in your career, today
hubs have significant advantages because
um so
you know, AI started in the Silicon
Valley uh pretty much the the I guess
the the new wave of AI agents. Um so
companies came.
So there was more opportunities, so more
people came. Because more people came,
more companies came. And now if you're
in San Francisco, you don't even need to
put on effort to learn what's happening
in AI. I go out at the dinner, uh we
talk about voice AI somehow. People talk
about Tesla autonomous autopilots. You
just learn constantly because you're in
the hub. I think in the next few years
it will be like that. The hubs are way
advanced uh compared to the rest. But I
think that in the next, you know, 5 10
years horizon, you know, people will get
slightly older, they would want to build
families, they will leave the hubs a lot
of them. They will take that knowledge
with them. They will probably start
building somewhere else.
>> Local hubs, yeah. And exactly. And there
that's what happened in the dot com when
engine software engineer was
concentrated and a few years later uh
actually it became democratized because
of online learning, because of access to
information, but also because a lot of
these experts moved elsewhere. And I
think the same thing will happen in 10
years, even outside the hubs you will
find great AI native micro hubs or local
communities. Yeah, that's amazing. Thank
you so much for this conversation. I
love podcast. When after the podcast,
I'm going to just text my team. We're
going to build the cloud thing. We're
going to make sure we have all of the
documents, everything synced. Thank you
so much. Love this feeling.
>> [laughter]
>> Let's get to work. Thank you.
Kian is the reason why I came back home
from Davos and started implementing
Cloud across everything that I do. We
set up multiple Cloud projects for all
the social media that we're running. And
honestly, it's been so transformational.
Another conversation that's been really
transformational was my conversation
that I recorded at Davos with Ryan
Ryslinski. So, if you're all about AI,
if you're interested what's happening to
jobs and how you can get a better job by
posting on LinkedIn, watch that episode.
It's live on my channel and I'll see you
very soon. Bye.